<h1>Overmind</h1>

Overmind is a spiking neural network (SNN) simulator for Android devices with a distributed architecture. 

The neural network is organized in sub-networks. Each sub-network is simulated on a separate terminal. Sub-networks exchange spikes over the internet using the User Datagram Protocol (UDP).

Overmind consists of 2 main components: 
  1) A client application, to be run on the Android terminals, that simulates the local sub-network and takes care of communications with other client applications
  2) A server application, that runs on a desktop pc and manages the topology of the virtual network that is made of the client terminals 
  
Communications among terminals are direct, i.e. the terminals form of a P2P network. The server facilitates the "UDP hole punching" technique to make direct communications among clients possible. An overview of the simulator can be found <a href="http://dx.doi.org/10.13140/RG.2.2.35236.08324">here</a>.

<h2>OvermindApp</h2>

This is an external application that interacts with the OvermindServer, in order to read the spikes generated by the sub-networks. In addition, it runs a pattern recognition task, that consists in matching pictures of particles traces with 2 tags: muons or electrons. The flow of the application is the following:

  1) Modify the topology of the virtual layer, through the exposed methods of OvermindServer, to configure a Brunel network with a winner-take-all architecture
  2) Send pictures of particles traces to the network. Training pictures are taken from the <a href="https://deco-web-1.wipac.wisc.edu">DECO database</a>
  3) Read activity of the network and classify the pictures in either muons or electrons depending on the activity


